Update overview docs (#735)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

:starknet: https://starkware.co/product/starknet/[Starknet]
:scarb: https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb[Scarb]
:installation: https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/download.html[this guide]

= Contracts for Cairo

*A library for secure smart contract development* written in Cairo for {starknet}, a decentralized ZK Rollup.

WARNING: This repo contains highly experimental code. Expect rapid iteration. *Use at your own risk.*

> == Overview
> 
> === Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Installation
```
I don't think the overview title adds much

The library is available as a {scarb} package. Follow {installation} for installing Cairo and Scarb on your machine
before proceeding, and run the following command to check that the installation was successful:

[,bash]
----
$ scarb --version

scarb 0.7.0 (58cc88efb 2023-08-23)
cairo: 2.2.0 (https://crates.io/crates/cairo-lang-compiler/2.2.0)
sierra: 1.3.0
----

==== Set up your project

Create an empty directory, then `cd` into it, and initialize a new scarb project by running:

[,bash]
----
mkdir my_project && cd my_project

> scarb init

Reviewer: i'd separate this in two code blocks, or add `$` at the beginning to be clear that these are different commands. separating the blocks would also make them copy-pasteable

Author: I rather the leading $ if you are ok with it. I don't think two blocks add that much benefit, and it looks broken in the UI imo.

Reviewer 2: To me, having them on separate lines is enough to convey that they're different commands. In the current README (cairo v0), we have a few instances of a single code block hosting multiple commands. That doesn't mean it's best by any means, just pointing out that we did this in this past.

If, however, we insist on not keeping it as-is, what about adding an intro sentence between the blocks? e.g.

----

Create an empty directory and `cd` into it:
```
mkdir my_project && cd my_project
```
Initialize a new Scarb project:
```
scarb init
```

Reviewer: @ericnordelo the added value i see for separation is easy copy+paste. i don't think it looks bad, and if you do then we can just add a sentence like andrew proposes.

----

> The contents of `my_project` should now look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of `my_project/` should now look like this:
```
we should add `/` at the end of directory names (https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts/issues/726#issuecomment-1720689263)

[,bash]
----
$ ls

Scarb.toml src
----

==== Install the library

> Add the library to your project be adding the openzeppelin dependency to the `Scarb.toml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the library by declaring it as a dependency in the project's `Scarb.toml` file:
```
following our brand rules, OpenZeppelin should never be used as a product name but the company/brand name. what we offer in here is "Contracts for Cairo", so it'd be "the Contracts dependency". furthermore, we can offer several other "openzeppelin dependencies" such as upgrades tooling, up until recently nile, any tool similar to the src-5 utility, etc.

[,text]
----
[dependencies]
openzeppelin = { git = "https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts.git", tag = "v0.7.0" }
----

> WARNING: Make sure the correct tag matching the release is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: Make sure the tag matches the target release.
```

Reviewer 2: Or `appropriate release` maybe? The current warning reads a bit awkward

> === Basic usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Basic usage
```
if we remove the Overview title

> Copy the following account contract code into `src/lib.cairo`, and run `scarb build` to compile it:

Reviewer: It feels like the tutorial ends up somewhat abruptly. If we want to keep it short I'd at least present the following piece of code and then conclude with the commands. Like

```suggestion
This is how it looks to build an account contract using the xref:account.adoc[account module]. Copy the code into `src/lib.cairo`.

(... code ...)

You can now compile it:

---
scarb build
---

```

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod MyAccount {
    use openzeppelin::account::Account;
    use openzeppelin::account::account::PublicKeyTrait;
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;
    use openzeppelin::introspection::interface::ISRC5;
    use openzeppelin::introspection::src5::SRC5;
    use starknet::account::Call;

    #[storage]

>     struct Storage {}

Reviewer: maybe we could add a comment stating the storage is being defined and handled by each used module?

    #[constructor]

>     fn constructor(ref self: ContractState, _public_key: felt252) {
>         let mut unsafe_state = _unsafe_state();
>         Account::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_state, _public_key);
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fn constructor(ref self: ContractState, public_key: felt252) {
        let mut unsafe_state = _unsafe_state();
        Account::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_state, public_key);
    }
```
this should be acceptable now

[,bash]
----
$ scarb --version

scarb 0.7.0 (58cc88efb 2023-08-23)
cairo: 2.2.0 (https://crates.io/crates/cairo-lang-compiler/2.2.0)
sierra: 1.3.0
----

=== Set up your project

Create an empty directory, and `cd` into it:

[,bash]
----
mkdir my_project/ && cd my_project/
----

Initialize a new Scarb project:

[,bash]
----
scarb init
----

The contents of `my_project/` should now look like this:

[,bash]
----
$ ls

Scarb.toml src
----

=== Install the library

Install the library by declaring it as a dependency in the project's `Scarb.toml` file:

[,text]
----
[dependencies]
openzeppelin = { git = "https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts.git", tag = "v0.7.0" }
----

WARNING: Make sure the tag matches the target release.

== Basic usage

This is how it looks to build an account contract using the xref:accounts.adoc[account module].
Copy the code into `src/lib.cairo`.

[,javascript]
----
#[starknet::contract]
mod MyAccount {
    use openzeppelin::account::Account;
    use openzeppelin::account::account::PublicKeyTrait;
    use openzeppelin::account::interface;
    use openzeppelin::introspection::interface::ISRC5;

>     use openzeppelin::introspection::src5::SRC5;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Unused

    use starknet::account::Call;

    // Storage members used by this contract are defined in each imported
    // module whose `unsafe_state` is used. This design will be improved
    // with the addition of components in the future.
    #[storage]
    struct Storage {}

    #[constructor]
    fn constructor(ref self: ContractState, public_key: felt252) {
        let mut unsafe_state = _unsafe_state();
        Account::InternalImpl::initializer(ref unsafe_state, public_key);
    }

    #[external(v0)]
    impl SRC6Impl of interface::ISRC6<ContractState> {
        fn __execute__(self: @ContractState, mut calls: Array<Call>) -> Array<Span<felt252>> {
            Account::SRC6Impl::__execute__(@_unsafe_state(), calls)
        }

        fn __validate__(self: @ContractState, mut calls: Array<Call>) -> felt252 {
            Account::SRC6Impl::__validate__(@_unsafe_state(), calls)
        }

        fn is_valid_signature(
            self: @ContractState, hash: felt252, signature: Array<felt252>
        ) -> felt252 {
            Account::SRC6Impl::is_valid_signature(@_unsafe_state(), hash, signature)
        }
    }

    #[external(v0)]

>     impl SRC5Impl of ISRC5<ContractState> {

Reviewer 2: I think we can use the `ISRC5` imported in `Account` e.g. `Account::ISRC5`. This will save us from importing the interface. I lean toward not doing this because it's better to import the interface from where it's defined. Just throwing it out there in case there's differing opinions

Author: mmm, good point. I think I like the most importing the interface from the main introspection module, but no strong defense.

Reviewer: +1 to direct import, this is to showcase how to use the library and using that indirection might be confusing and hinder feature discoverability

    }
}
----

You can now compile it:

[,bash]
----
scarb build

> ----

Author: Not sure what you mean, we've been using `----` for multiple-lines code blocks even for the previous doc version, and also in solidity docs. We use backticks for single-line code blocks. I'm missing something?
